OSU rhythm game


“Click the circles” and spin your way through the game of OSU!
OSU! is a rhythm game involving clicking circles as they come, spinning spinners as fast as you can and sliding sliders along the way. Miss too many notes, you fail the song and you have to try again. If thats too hard, or not hard enough, try playing with mods on to make you gameplay experience more difficult or easier as you play! 
        Beatmaps can be created and uploaded by all users.In the game's single-player mode, scores on beatmaps can be compared with other players, who are ranked on an online leaderboard. Scores are primarily measured using their performance points (abbreviated as PP), which account for various aspects of a player's skill. Practice your playthrough and play with mods to shoot up the leaderboards. Maybe you’ll take number one on the ranks for you beatmap. 
OSU! Has many gamemodes. Base game is your standard OSU! Gameplay. The game mode revolves around three types of notes – hit circle, slider and spinner. Hit circles appear as notes over a song's runtime, and the objective is to click or tap on the circles at the appropriate time and in the correct order, aided by rings called "approach circles" that close in on the hit circles to visually indicate the timing; more points are awarded the closer the approach circles are to the hit circles. Slider notes require that the player click and hold while moving the cursor across its predefined path. Spinner notes require the user to click and hold while rapidly spinning their cursor. OSU!taiko is a game mode inspired by the rhythm game series Taiko no Tatsujin; it involves circles moving from right to left, requiring keypresses when they reach the left side.
osu!catch, formerly Catch the Beat, is a game mode based on EZ2Catch, a game mode in EZ2DJ. In it, fruits fall from the top of the screen; the player controls a character at the bottom, whom they can move left and right with the goal of catching as much fruit on a plate as possible, earning them score. OSU!mania is a vertically scrolling rhythm game based on rhythm game series such as Beatmania and Guitar Hero. There are two types of notes, standard and hold notes; hold notes must be held down and released. The game mode splits the screen of the user into up to 16 different columns, with each column being designated a different key on the keyboard. The goal of the player is to press the appropriate key at the correct time, as each note reaches the bottom (or alternatively top) of the screen.
Anyone at any level can play OSU! You dont even have to play competitively or compete in tournaments. OSU! Can help you increase your hand to eye coordination, aiming, and reaction time. Most players use a pen tablet, usually a wacom tablet but you dont have to use a pen tablet or specifically get a Wacom one. All pen tablets that can connect to a pc or laptop can work. Otherwise you can use your mouse and click away, it may require mor arm movement than wrist but it works just as well! Whatever your play style is, whether fast and intense or slow and melodic OSU! Has community made beatmaps for you to choose from and download into your game. Find your style, your vibe and click away!